---
title: GetChildDataSource
second_title: Aspose.Words for .NET API Reference
description: 
type: docs
weight: 20
url: /net/aspose.words.mailmerging/imailmergedatasource/getchilddatasource/
---
## IMailMergeDataSource.GetChildDataSource method

The Aspose.Words mail merge engine invokes this method when it encounters a beginning of a nested mail merge region.

```csharp
public IMailMergeDataSource GetChildDataSource(string tableName)
```

| Parameter | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| tableName | String | The name of the mail merge region as specified in the template document. Case-insensitive. |

## Return Value

A data source object that will provide access to the data records of the specified table.

### Remarks

When the Aspose.Words mail merge engines populates a mail merge region with data and encounters the beginning of a nested mail merge region in the form of MERGEFIELD TableStart:TableName, it invokes `GetChildDataSource` on the current data source object. Your implementation needs to return a new data source object that will provide access to the child records of the current parent record. Aspose.Words will use the returned data source to populate the nested mail merge region.

Below are the rules that the implementation of `GetChildDataSource` must follow.

If the table that is represented by this data source object has a related child (detail) table with the specified name, then your implementation needs to return a new [`IMailMergeDataSource`](../../imailmergedatasource) object that will provide access to the child records of the current record. An example of this is Orders / OrderDetails relationship. Let's assume that the current [`IMailMergeDataSource`](../../imailmergedatasource) object represents the Orders table and it has a current order record. Next, Aspose.Words encounters "MERGEFIELD TableStart:OrderDetails" in the document and invokes `GetChildDataSource`. You need to create and return a [`IMailMergeDataSource`](../../imailmergedatasource) object that will allow Aspose.Words to access the OrderDetails record for the current order.

If this data source object does not have a relation to the table with the specified name, then you need to return a [`IMailMergeDataSource`](../../imailmergedatasource) object that will provide access to all records of the specified table.

If a table with the specified name does not exist, your implementation should return `null`.

### See Also

* interface [IMailMergeDataSource](../../imailmergedatasource)
* namespace [Aspose.Words.MailMerging](../../imailmergedatasource)
* assembly [Aspose.Words](../../../)

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: generated by xmldocmd for Aspose.Words.dll -->
