---
title: ResourceFileName
second_title: Aspose.Words for .NET API Reference
description: 
type: docs
weight: 20
url: /net/aspose.words.saving/resourcesavingargs/resourcefilename/
---
## ResourceSavingArgs.ResourceFileName property

Gets or sets the file name (without path) where the resource will be saved to.

```csharp
public string ResourceFileName { get; set; }
```

## Remarks

This property allows you to redefine how the resource file names are generated during export to fixed page HTML or SVG.

When the event is fired, this property contains the file name that was generated by Aspose.Words. You can change the value of this property to save the resource into a different file. Note that file names must be unique.

Aspose.Words automatically generates a unique file name for every resource when exporting to fixed page HTML or SVG format. How the resource file name is generated depends on whether you save the document to a file or to a stream.When saving a document to a file, the generated resource file name looks like &lt;document base file name&gt;.&lt;image number&gt;.&lt;extension&gt;.When saving a document to a stream, the generated resource file name looks like Aspose.Words.&lt;document guid&gt;.&lt;image number&gt;.&lt;extension&gt;.

`ResourceFileName` must contain only the file name without the path. Aspose.Words determines the path for saving and the value of the `src` attribute for writing to fixed page HTML or SVG using the document file name, the [`ResourcesFolder`](../../htmlfixedsaveoptions/resourcesfolder) or [`ResourcesFolder`](../../svgsaveoptions/resourcesfolder) and [`ResourcesFolderAlias`](../../htmlfixedsaveoptions/resourcesfolderalias) or [`ResourcesFolderAlias`](../../svgsaveoptions/resourcesfolderalias) properties.

[`ResourcesFolder`](../../htmlfixedsaveoptions/resourcesfolder)[`ResourcesFolder`](../../svgsaveoptions/resourcesfolder)[`ResourcesFolderAlias`](../../htmlfixedsaveoptions/resourcesfolderalias)[`ResourcesFolderAlias`](../../svgsaveoptions/resourcesfolderalias)

### See Also

* class [ResourceSavingArgs](../../resourcesavingargs)
* namespace [Aspose.Words.Saving](../../resourcesavingargs)
* assembly [Aspose.Words](../../../)

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: generated by xmldocmd for Aspose.Words.dll -->
