---
title: FontFileName
second_title: Aspose.Words for .NET API Reference
description: 
type: docs
weight: 90
url: /net/aspose.words.saving/fontsavingargs/fontfilename/
---
## FontSavingArgs.FontFileName property

Gets or sets the file name (without path) where the font will be saved to.

```csharp
public string FontFileName { get; set; }
```

## Remarks

This property allows you to redefine how the font file names are generated during export to HTML.

When the event is fired, this property contains the file name that was generated by Aspose.Words. You can change the value of this property to save the font into a different file. Note that file names must be unique.

Aspose.Words automatically generates a unique file name for every embedded font when exporting to HTML format. How the font file name is generated depends on whether you save the document to a file or to a stream.When saving a document to a file, the generated font file name looks like &lt;document base file name&gt;.&lt;original file name&gt;&lt;optional suffix&gt;.&lt;extension&gt;.When saving a document to a stream, the generated font file name looks like Aspose.Words.&lt;document guid&gt;.&lt;original file name&gt;&lt;optional suffix&gt;.&lt;extension&gt;.

`FontFileName` must contain only the file name without the path. Aspose.Words determines the path for saving using the document file name, the [`FontsFolder`](../../htmlsaveoptions/fontsfolder) and [`FontsFolderAlias`](../../htmlsaveoptions/fontsfolderalias) properties.

### See Also

* class [FontSavingArgs](../../fontsavingargs)
* namespace [Aspose.Words.Saving](../../fontsavingargs)
* assembly [Aspose.Words](../../../)

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: generated by xmldocmd for Aspose.Words.dll -->
