---
title: ImageFileName
second_title: Aspose.Words for .NET API Reference
description: 
type: docs
weight: 30
url: /net/aspose.words.saving/imagesavingargs/imagefilename/
---
## ImageSavingArgs.ImageFileName property

Gets or sets the file name (without path) where the image will be saved to.

```csharp
public string ImageFileName { get; set; }
```

### Remarks

This property allows you to redefine how the image file names are generated during export to HTML.

When the event is fired, this property contains the file name that was generated by Aspose.Words. You can change the value of this property to save the image into a different file. Note that file names must be unique.

Aspose.Words automatically generates a unique file name for every embedded image when exporting to HTML format. How the image file name is generated depends on whether you save the document to a file or to a stream.

When saving a document to a file, the generated image file name looks like &lt;document base file name&gt;.&lt;image number&gt;.&lt;extension&gt;.

When saving a document to a stream, the generated image file name looks like Aspose.Words.&lt;document guid&gt;.&lt;image number&gt;.&lt;extension&gt;.

`ImageFileName` must contain only the file name without the path. Aspose.Words determines the path for saving and the value of the `src` attribute for writing to HTML using the document file name, the [`ImagesFolder`](../../htmlsaveoptions/imagesfolder) and [`ImagesFolderAlias`](../../htmlsaveoptions/imagesfolderalias) properties.

### See Also

* class [ImageSavingArgs](../../imagesavingargs)
* namespace [Aspose.Words.Saving](../../imagesavingargs)
* assembly [Aspose.Words](../../../)

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: generated by xmldocmd for Aspose.Words.dll -->
