---
title: ScaleImageToShapeSize
second_title: Aspose.Words for .NET API Reference
description: 
type: docs
weight: 420
url: /net/aspose.words.saving/htmlsaveoptions/scaleimagetoshapesize/
---
## HtmlSaveOptions.ScaleImageToShapeSize property

Specifies whether images are scaled by Aspose.Words to the bounding shape size when exporting to HTML, MHTML or EPUB. Default value is `true`.

```csharp
public bool ScaleImageToShapeSize { get; set; }
```

## Remarks

An image in a Microsoft Word document is a shape. The shape has a size and the image has its own size. The sizes are not directly linked. For example, the image can be 1024x786 pixels, but shape that displays this image can be 400x300 points.

In order to display an image in the browser, it must be scaled to the shape size. The `ScaleImageToShapeSize` property controls where the scaling of the image takes place: in Aspose.Words during export to HTML or in the browser when displaying the document.

When `ScaleImageToShapeSize` is `true`, the image is scaled by Aspose.Words using high quality scaling during export to HTML. When `ScaleImageToShapeSize` is `false`, the image is output with its original size and the browser has to scale it.

In general, browsers do quick and poor quality scaling. As a result, you will normally get better display quality in the browser and smaller file size when `ScaleImageToShapeSize` is `true`, but better printing quality and faster conversion when `ScaleImageToShapeSize` is `false`.

### See Also

* property [ImageResolution](../imageresolution)
* class [HtmlSaveOptions](../../htmlsaveoptions)
* namespace [Aspose.Words.Saving](../../htmlsaveoptions)
* assembly [Aspose.Words](../../../)

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: generated by xmldocmd for Aspose.Words.dll -->
