---
title: TableWidthOutputMode
second_title: Aspose.Words for .NET API Reference
description: 
type: docs
weight: 430
url: /net/aspose.words.saving/htmlsaveoptions/tablewidthoutputmode/
---
## HtmlSaveOptions.TableWidthOutputMode property

Controls how table, row and cell widths are exported to HTML, MHTML or EPUB. Default value is All.

```csharp
public HtmlElementSizeOutputMode TableWidthOutputMode { get; set; }
```

## Remarks

In the HTML format, table, row and cell elements (&lt;table&gt;, &lt;tr&gt;, &lt;th&gt;, &lt;td&gt;) can have their widths specified either in relative (percentage) or in absolute units. In a document in Aspose.Words, tables, rows and cells can have their widths specified using either relative or absolute units too.

When you convert a document to HTML using Aspose.Words, you might want to control how table, row and cell widths are exported to affect how the resulting document is displayed in the visual agent (e.g. a browser or viewer).

Use this property as a filter to specify what table widths values are exported into the destination document. For example, if you are converting a document to EPUB and intend to view the document on a mobile reading device, then you probably want to avoid exporting absolute width values. To do this you need to specify the output mode RelativeOnly or None so the viewer on the mobile device can layout the table to fit the width of the screen as best as it can.

### See Also

* enum [HtmlElementSizeOutputMode](../../htmlelementsizeoutputmode)
* class [HtmlSaveOptions](../../htmlsaveoptions)
* namespace [Aspose.Words.Saving](../../htmlsaveoptions)
* assembly [Aspose.Words](../../../)

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: generated by xmldocmd for Aspose.Words.dll -->
